How many times have I advised you and you don't listen at all
You care about me instead
Hey, did everyone see it?
It's not that I don't give it
He can't take it
Looks like I have to take the initiative to heal the lord
Grim Reaper
You are now without the Dragon Leap
Probably going blind again
Still a useless piece of trash in the end
You blind man
I wasn't very good when I asked me to undress before
Strange as long as you kneel down and beg me now
I could consider leaving you with a whole corpse
Damn woman, how dare you hit my husband?
Kill you
Just because of you
A blind man
A trash who has been sealed
How dare you offend me?
Mrs. Zhao is fortunate to have lived until now
A trash like him living at the bottom
Shouldn't be living in this world
It seems that he is still talking shamelessly at the Rising Dragon Banquet
Fight me to the end
I see what you are fighting me with
Kid, court death
This king's mana is unfathomable
Even without the Dragon Jade
More than enough for you guys
Still pretending to be dead
help
He is now blind and knows nothing
Since you have never changed
This king will eradicate you wicked people today
Master, I think you want to run
Fan Ruoli, take a good look.
This is the man you chose
Hahaha
Who said I was running?